Update faq.md (#198)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

3. Execute the upstream DDL in the downstream TiDB manually.

4. After the Pos is replicated to the position after the gh-ost process, re-enable the `online-ddl-scheme` and comment out `block-allow-list.ignore-tables`.

## How to add tables to the existing data migration tasks?

> If you need to add tables to a data migration task that is running, you can address it in the following ways according to the stage of the ask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to add tables to a data migration task that is running, you can address it in the following ways according to the stage of the task.
```

> **Note:**
>
> Because adding tables to an existing data migration task is complex, it is recommended that you perform this operation only when necessary.

### In the `Dump` stage

> Since MySQL cannot specify a snapshot for export, it does not support updating data migration tasks during the export and then restarting to resume the export through the breakpoint. Therefore, you cannot dynamically increase the tables that need to be migrated at the `Dump` stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since MySQL cannot specify a snapshot for export, it does not support updating data migration tasks during the export and then restarting to resume the export through the checkpoint. Therefore, you cannot dynamically add tables that need to be migrated at the `Dump` stage.
```

we use `checkpoint` in more cases.

If you really need to add tables for migration, it is recommended to restart the migration task directly using the new configuration file.

### In the `Load` stage

When exporting multiple data migration tasks, usually different binlog positions cannot be consistent. Therefore, it is not recommended to add tables to a data migration task in the `Load` stage.

### In the `Sync` stage

> When the data migration task is in the `Sync` stage, add additional tables to the configuration file and restart the task. DM does not re-execute full export and import for the newly added tables. Instead, DM will continue incremental synchronization from the previous breakpoint.

Author: I'm not sure which word is better, "replication" or "migration". As in [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r49gpr6Q-vvYHkUThVahqTPNbF42ihF51pszDLkHlpI/edit?ts=5f2144aa#heading=h.d12mssn9j1oq), we should use "migration" if it does not mention the data type.

> When the data migration task is in the `Sync` stage, add additional tables to the configuration file and restart the task. DM does not re-execute full export and import for the newly added tables. Instead, DM will continue incremental synchronization from the previous breakpoint.

Reviewer 2: I think we can use `replicate` here.

How about using `checkpoint` rather than `breakpoint` here?

> When the data migration task is in the `Sync` stage, add additional tables to the configuration file and restart the task. DM does not re-execute full export and import for the newly added tables. Instead, DM will continue incremental synchronization from the previous breakpoint.

Reviewer: Sure, `checkpoint` makes more sense to me. @ireneontheway could you please update this doc?

> When the data migration task is in the `Sync` stage, if you add additional tables to the configuration file and restart the task, DM does not re-execute full export and import for the newly added tables. Instead, DM continues incremental replication from the previous breakpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the data migration task is in the `Sync` stage, if you add additional tables to the configuration file and restart the task, DM does not re-execute full export and import for the newly added tables. Instead, DM continues incremental replication from the previous checkpoint.
```

Therefore, if the full data corresponding to the table has not been imported to the downstream, you need to use a separate data migration task to export and import the full data to the downstream.

Record the position information in the global checkpoint (`is_global=1`) corresponding to the existing migration task as `checkpoint-T`, such as `(mysql-bin.000100, 1234)`. Record the position information of the full export `metedata` (or the checkpoint of another data migration task in the `Sync` stage) of the table to be added to the migration task as `checkpoint-S`, such as `(mysql-bin.000099, 5678)`. You can add the table to the migration task by the following steps:

> 1. Use `stop-task` to stop an existing migration task.If the table to be added belongs to another running migration task, stop the task as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `stop-task` to stop an existing migration task. If the table to be added belongs to another running migration task, stop that task as well.
```

> 2. Use a MySQL client to connect the downstream TiDB database and manually update the information in the checkpoint table corresponding to the existing migration task to the smaller value of `checkpoint-T` and `checkpoint-S`. (In this example, it is `(mysql- bin.000099, 5678)`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use a MySQL client to connect the downstream TiDB database and manually update the information in the checkpoint table corresponding to the existing migration task to the smaller value between `checkpoint-T` and `checkpoint-S`. In this example, it is `(mysql- bin.000099, 5678)`.
```

>     - The checkpoint table that needs to be updated is `{task-name}_syncer_checkpoint` in the `{dm_meta}` schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The checkpoint table to be updated is `{task-name}_syncer_checkpoint` in the `{dm_meta}` schema.
```

>     - The checkpoint behaviors that need to be updated are `id=(source-id)` and `is_global=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The checkpoint rows to be updated match `id=(source-id)` and `is_global=1`.
```

>     - The checkpoint columns that need to be updated are  `binlog_name` and `binlog_pos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The checkpoint columns to be updated are  `binlog_name` and `binlog_pos`.
```

3. Set `safe-mode: true` for the `syncers` in the migration task to ensure reentrant execution.

> 4. Start the migration task with `start-task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start the migration task using `start-task`.
```
If it's a command, use `using` because `with` might have multiple meanings.

> 5. Observe the migration task status through `query-status`. When `syncerBinlog` exceeds the larger value of `checkpoint-T` and `checkpoint-S`, restore `safe-mode` to the original value and restart the migration task. (In this example, it is `(mysql-bin.000100, 1234)`.)

Reviewer: ditto
